{\rtf1\mac\ansicpg10000\cocoartf824\cocoasubrtf410
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset77 LucidaGrande-Bold;\f1\fnil\fcharset77 LucidaGrande;\f2\froman\fcharset77 Times-Roman;
\f3\fswiss\fcharset77 Optima-Bold;\f4\froman\fcharset77 Times-Bold;\f5\ftech\fcharset2 Symbol;
\f6\fswiss\fcharset77 Optima-Regular;\f7\fnil\fcharset77 GillSans-LightItalic;\f8\fnil\fcharset77 GillSans;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red28\green101\blue200;}
\vieww9000\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs24 \cf0 \
License\
\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural

\f1\b0\fs22 \cf0 By installing, downloading, copying, or otherwise using the software, you acknowledge that you have read these terms and conditions, understand them, and agree to be bound by them. If you do not agree to these terms and conditions, you are not authorized and may not use the software.\
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural

\f2\fs24 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural

\f1\fs22 \cf0 THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.
\f2\fs24 \
\
\pard\tx565\tx1133\tx1700\tx2266\tx2832\tx3401\tx3967\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6235\tx6802\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural

\f1\fs22 \cf0 You may not use the software for any purpose that is unlawful or prohibited by this license agreement, or to solicit the performance of any illegal activity or other activity which infringes the rights of the authors or others.
\f2\fs24 \

\f1\fs22 \

\f2\fs24 \
\pard\tx565\tx1133\tx1700\tx2266\tx2832\tx3401\tx3967\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6235\tx6802\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural

\f3\b\fs28 \cf0 \
\
Wir planen eine Pro Version von GameLauncher zu bauen .
\f4 \
\pard\tx565\tx1133\tx1700\tx2266\tx2832\tx3401\tx3967\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6235\tx6802\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural

\f2\b0\fs24 \cf0 \
\pard\tx565\tx1133\tx1700\tx2266\tx2832\tx3401\tx3967\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6235\tx6802\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural

\f3\b \cf0 Professonelle Features:\
\pard\tx565\tx1133\tx1700\tx2266\tx2832\tx3401\tx3967\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6235\tx6802\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural

\f2\b0 \cf0  
\f5 \'ae
\f2  
\f6 launch games from a menu bar item.
\f2 \
 
\f5 \'ae
\f2  
\f6 maintain a list of all your games in one place, so you can find them quickly and easily. 
\f2 \
 
\f5 \'ae
\f2  
\f6 contains no advertising "nag-screens".
\f2 \
 
\f5 \'ae
\f2  
\f6 allows you to create a double-clickable "gamelaunch" file.
\f2 \
 
\f5 \'ae
\f2  
\f6 re-launches hidden applications, hidden.
\f2 \
 
\f5 \'ae
\f2  
\f6 retains a list of possible "states" - applications open - so that you can quickly get back to work.
\f2 \
\pard\tx565\tx1133\tx1700\tx2266\tx2832\tx3401\tx3967\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6235\tx6802\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural

\fs26 \cf0 \
\pard\tx565\tx1133\tx1700\tx2266\tx2832\tx3401\tx3967\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6235\tx6802\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural

\f7\i\fs24 \cf0 F\'9fr mehr Informatiionen besuchen Sie bitte:\
\pard\tx565\tx1133\tx1700\tx2266\tx2832\tx3401\tx3967\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6235\tx6802\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://2sublime.com/software/gamelauncher-pro/"}}{\fldrslt 
\f8\i0 \cf2 \ul \ulc0 http://2sublime.com/software/gamelauncher-pro/}}
\f2\i0 \
\
\
}